feat(core): `RemovalPolicies.of(scope)` (#32283)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/core/README.md

Annotations.of(this).acknowledgeWarning('IAM:Group:MaxPoliciesExceeded', 'Account has quota increased to 20');
```

> ## RemovalPolicys

Reviewer: Need to make the `RemovalPolicies` change in the README as well :)

Author: sorry. I fixed. https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/32283/commits/af4e0ff9150b4872ea569cd60bd1432d0a851c26

  excludeResourceTypes: ['AWS::Test::Resource'],
});

// Apply RETAIN_ON_UPDATE_OR_DELETE policy
RemovalPolicys.of(scope).retainOnUpdateOrDelete();
```

### RemovalPolicys.of(scope)

Creates a new instance of RemovalPolicys for the given scope.

#### Methods

- `apply(policy: RemovalPolicy, props?: RemovalPolicyProps)`: Apply a custom removal policy
- `destroy(props?: RemovalPolicyProps)`: Apply DESTROY removal policy
- `retain(props?: RemovalPolicyProps)`: Apply RETAIN removal policy
- `snapshot(props?: RemovalPolicyProps)`: Apply SNAPSHOT removal policy
- `retainOnUpdateOrDelete(props?: RemovalPolicyProps)`: Apply RETAIN_ON_UPDATE_OR_DELETE removal policy

#### `RemovalPolicyProps` Interface

Additional configuration options for applying removal policies.

- **`applyToResourceTypes?`**: _(optional)_  
  Array of CloudFormation resource types (e.g., `'AWS::S3::Bucket'`) to which the removal policy should be applied.  
  Defaults to applying to all resources.

- **`excludeResourceTypes?`**: _(optional)_  
  Array of CloudFormation resource types to exclude from applying the removal policy.  
  Defaults to no exclusions.

- **`overwrite?`**: _(optional)_  

>   If `true`, the removal policy will overwrite any existing policy already set on the resource. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be difficult to maintain if all properties were listed on the document?

Author: clean up this doc.
https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/32283/commits/da6b4c59406bca4d068fb60747b1a7616bcc9081

RemovalPolicys.of(scope).destroy();

// Apply RETAIN policy only to specific resource types
RemovalPolicies.of(parent).retain({
  applyToResourceTypes: [
    'AWS::DynamoDB::Table',
    bucket.cfnResourceType, // 'AWS::S3::Bucket'

>   ],

Reviewer: Addition of an example of `(anyL1).CFN_RESOURCE_TYPE_NAME` might be helpful as well.

Author: Is this how it's supposed to be?
https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/32283/commits/5f6197c18c209440b83bfde5927adf643a71c468

Reviewer: Yes, that's exactly what I said. Thanks.

### Usage

Creates a new instance of RemovalPolicies for the given scope.

```typescript
import { RemovalPolicies } from 'aws-cdk-lib';

// Apply DESTROY policy to all resources in a scope
RemovalPolicies.of(scope).destroy();

// Apply DESTROY policy (overwrited)
RemovalPolicies.of(scope).snapshot();
RemovalPolicies.of(scope).destroy({ overwrite: true }));

// Apply DESTROY policy (priority)
RemovalPolicies.of(stack).retainOnUpdateOrDelete({ priority: 250 });
RemovalPolicies.of(stack).destroy({ priority: 10 });

// Apply RETAIN policy only to specific resource types
RemovalPolicies.of(parent).retain({
  applyToResourceTypes: [
    'AWS::DynamoDB::Table',
    bucket.cfnResourceType, // 'AWS::S3::Bucket'
    CfnDBInstance.CFN_RESOURCE_TYPE_NAME, // 'AWS::RDS::DBInstance'
  ],
});

// Apply SNAPSHOT policy excluding specific resource types
RemovalPolicies.of(scope).snapshot({
  excludeResourceTypes: ['AWS::Test::Resource'],
});
```

#### Behavior Summary

- When `overwrite` is `false` (default):  

>   - Existing `removalPolicy` set by the user is preserved. The aspect will skip applying the policy to such resources.

Reviewer: I avoided the word `aspect` because users may not know the internal implementation of using Aspects.

```suggestion
  - Existing `removalPolicy` set by the user is preserved. Applying the policy to such resources will be skipped.
```
